📝 MNT Bench references (#348)
cda-tum/fiction: README.md

- Bounding box
- Area usage in nm²

> ## Benchmark Library
> 
> To objectively evaluate and compare software and design automation tools, [MNT Bench](https://www.cda.cit.tum.de/mntbench/) provides gate-level
> layouts for various gate libraries and clocking schemes, generated using the latest physical design and
> optimization algorithms, with *fiction* offering the correpsonding read and write utitlities to generate gate-level layouts from gate-level layout files (``.fgl``) and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Benchmark Library

To objectively evaluate and compare software and design automation tools, [MNT Bench](https://www.cda.cit.tum.de/mntbench/) provides gate-level
layouts for various gate libraries and clocking schemes, generated using the latest physical design and
optimization algorithms, with *fiction* offering the corresponding read and write utilities to generate gate-level layouts from gate-level layout files (``.fgl``) and vice versa.
```
So far, this doesn't discuss the Verilog files available in MNT Bench. Do you want to mention that still?
